Make the LIM Launched Coaster's operating mode default to powered launch without passing station (#25240)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Change: [#25111] Frozen guests no longer finish consuming any food or drink they are carrying.
- Change: [#25161] Revert to the ‘fair ride price’ calculation of vanilla RCT2.
- Change: [#25228] [Plugin] The available staff costumes array is now ordered alphabetically by name.

> - Change: [#25240] The LIM Launched Coaster's operating mode now defaults to powered launch without passing station.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change: [#25240] The LIM Launched Coaster now defaults to powered launch without passing station again (as it did in vanilla RCT2).
```
